hey everybody and welcome back to
another update video on the game we're
working on there last time we took a
look at the story of the game had a
little bit of fun talking about what's
going on in the game what the kind of
plan of the rough rough idea the story
is because know what the whole thing
written out yeah because the game isn't
made yet so instead of doing that though
this time we're actually gonna take a
look at what I've been actually putting
in the game which is hopefully gonna be
fun because I've been working on some
fun stuff making actually more like an
actual game because you know that's the
whole point of all doing here and so
yeah let's take a look about what we've
done so far and play a little bit of the
game shall we
oh so here we are back in the game
having some fun and adventures as you
can see we're still in this little
desert place but the first thing you
should know is look at this new
character guy look at him with his cool
glasses on running around the place with
his crazy lab coat isn't he amazing and
so yeah this is what this is part of
what I've been working on like actually
having some characters so did this guy
he still shrinks down oh yes that's
right collectible as you can see if you
left as well there's a point system and
the Alzheimer so as you collect these
little things they add to your points
and then your timer just goes up over
time I'm the planner is like once you
get to the end of level you'll get some
kind of bonus for however quickly you've
done it or whatever you know what I mean
and yes not only have I done this the
main look and a scientist dude we've
also got hey mr. ninja man look at him
with his double jump oh now his double
jump make some spin in the air he
actually has some animation which is
nice even with his cool short sleeve top
showing off the guns you know it is okay
yeah the ninja go he jumps around like
this and things a little - but - doesn't
have any kind of animation on at the
moment I'm gonna have to do something
with that I don't know what I'll do like
but it's just like a couple of lines up
here between them maybe or something
like that or maybe a little fade of
faded version of himself appears you see
anyone who's also - mr. cowboy rapine
shoot things up look okay I thought I
killed my grumbling friend here but we
haven't killed him yet
we don't want to kill him don't use him
look demonstrate some stuff yeah but as
you can see looking going up there
from doohickey and it seems like here
this would be pretty simple to do but in
actually it was so much confusion to
make this work because when I first put
it in as it would go up and down
sideways like this the character would
just like slowly move over this way you
see what I mean
I'm in contact there and he'd move over
this way like this so it looks like he
was only staying still and that's what
when I was going down look he'd be like
falling down every time which wasn't
much used to me it was not really what I
want to happen in the game and but yes
so obviously that's working now's good
oh what's that oh he kills you oh no yes
we finally got death in the game which
is pretty important don't see because
it's not really much of a challenge in a
platformer game if you can't die look
but we also have these checkpoints
because you see lay killed back here if
you jump on top of him though he will
but if you jump on top of me just kind
of bounce for a little bit we bounce
bounce bounce the first time yay
problems for me to fix that's what I
want that happen
and but yeah those are kind of major
things I was working on that moving
platform thing we've got a checkpoint
system in when we die look look that we
don't stay dead forever and trying to
work you know what is that shouldn't
turn into the scientist guy when he goes
in the water that's completely hey
things for me more things for me fix
this is England making a game it's just
all about like look trying to solve like
trying to solve it what little things in
the game what actually worked and
obviously before as well when you got
this point if you happen to fall in a
hole
you work at a bugger to put now that we
actually have bets on the game it's much
nicer to fall in a hole oh yeah his
other animation is climbing on the wall
we didn't quite make it
so haven't quite worked out what happens
at the top of the wall as well I feel
like I should make you automatically
claim
but at the moment they just kind of if
you hold the crane button user kind of
bounces on top which isn't really what I
want and but yeah those are the main
things I've been working on with the
game while it feels a lot nicer now to
play but yeah that's what we've got so
far it's pretty good it's gone pretty
well obviously obviously there's loads
more to do look we might actually move
on to making an actual level rather than
useless like this test area that we've
got kind of going on here at the moment
but yeah that's what's going on here
whoo so there you go that's what we've
been working on so far in the game I
mean it's pretty fun so far I'm enjoying
it anyway like it's getting a little bit
more like an actual game now because
there's actually systems in place first
and so I'm enjoying this it's been good
it's means a good experience of our
doing this thing and it's been good
seeing all the feedback from you off
some people out there you've been
nothing but supportive and it's pretty
damn cool but apart from making the game
I'm also playing games but not just
randomly playing games know on October
25th I'm playing games for 24 hours to
raise money for charity and it's gonna
be fun hey if you follow this link
appeared on the screen it'll probably be
in front of these things cuz it's be
incredibly complicated to put them
behind here and you wouldn't even be
able to see the whole link but yeah
follow that link and then you can go and
donate money to charity that's gonna be
pretty awesome and it'd be a link on
that page to my twitch channel which is
where the actual live stream will be on
October 25th and of course there'll be
like some kind of notifications up here
on the channel on the data is happening
I think maybe I might try and do like a
test livestream at some point this week
and see how that goes and see how much
fun that would be and but yeah go there
and have some fun and most importantly
donate money to charity it's gonna be a
pretty fun time and I'm probably gonna
be getting silly towards the end of it
because I like sleep and not having
sleepers makes me not good but yeah
thanks for watching everybody I will be
back soon with more updates on the game
and more broader random videos of
fondness here on this YouTube channel
where I do silly things and
silly things happen thanks for watching
I'll see you all soon bye i stacked away
from way too early I don't know why